note restrictions (#1156)
canvas-medical/documentation: collections/_sdk/effects.md

| NO_SHOW_NOTE              | Mark a note as no-show.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| FAX_NOTE                  | Fax a note to an external recipient.                                                                                                                                                                  |
| PUSH_NOTE_CHARGES         | Push note charges for billing.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| UPSERT_NOTE_METADATA      | Add or update metadata on a note.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| GENERATE_FULL_CHART_PDF   | Generate a full chart PDF for a patient.                                                                                                                                                              |

> | NOTE_RESTRICTIONS         | Communicate whether a note is restricted for the requesting user, whether its content should be blurred, and what banner message to display. See [Note Restrictions](/sdk/effect-note-restrictions/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NOTE_RESTRICTIONS         | Communicate whether a note is restricted for the requesting user, whether its content should be blurred, or what banner message to display. See [Note Restrictions](/sdk/effect-note-restrictions/). |
```

> | NOTE_RESTRICTIONS_UPDATED | Signal that note restrictions have changed, triggering an immediate real-time permission refetch on all connected clients viewing that note. See [Note Restrictions](/sdk/effect-note-restrictions/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NOTE_RESTRICTIONS_UPDATED | Signal that note restrictions have changed, triggering an immediate real-time permission refetch on all users currently viewing that note. See [Note Restrictions](/sdk/effect-note-restrictions/). |
```
